Add an example usage for ingest library to fetch statistics (#1349)
stellar/stellar-docs: docs/data/ingest-library/examples/transaction_statistics.mdx

		NetworkPassphrase:  networkPassphrase,
		HistoryArchiveURLs: archiveURLs,
		Toml:               captiveCoreToml,
	}

	ctx := context.Background()
	// Only log errors from the backend to keep output cleaner.
	lg := log.New()
	lg.SetLevel(logrus.ErrorLevel)
	config.Log = lg

	backend, err := ledgerbackend.NewCaptive(config)
	panicIf(err)
	defer backend.Close()

	// Prepare a range to be ingested:
	var startingSeq uint32 = 7000000 // can't start with genesis ledger
	var ledgersToRead uint32 = 10000

	fmt.Printf("Preparing range (%d ledgers)...\n", ledgersToRead)
	ledgerRange := ledgerbackend.BoundedRange(startingSeq, startingSeq+ledgersToRead)
	err = backend.PrepareRange(ctx, ledgerRange)
	panicIf(err)

	// These are the statistics that we're tracking.
	var successfulTransactions, failedTransactions int
	var operationsInSuccessful, operationsInFailed int

	for seq := startingSeq; seq <= startingSeq+ledgersToRead; seq++ {
		fmt.Printf("Processed ledger %d...\r", seq)

		var txReader *ingest.LedgerTransactionReader
		var err error
		txReader, err = ingest.NewLedgerTransactionReader(
			ctx, backend, config.NetworkPassphrase, seq,
		)
		panicIf(err)

> 		defer txReader.Close()

Reviewer: it would be better style to avoid calling `defer` repeatedly in a loop because that will keep pushing more items to the defer stack. Then when `main()` exits all the `defer` calls from the for loop will have to be executed. A better option would be to ensure `txReader.Close()` is called at the end of each iteration.

Author: addressed here: https://github.com/stellar/stellar-docs/pull/1379

---
title: Get statistics from a ledger range
sidebar_position: 10
---

> This example illustrates how to connect to a Stellar history archive using the `ledgerbackend.CaptiveCoreConfig`, prepare a range of ledgers for ingestion, and then processes transactions within those ledgers. It reads each ledger's transactions using the `ingest.LedgerTransactionReader`, categorizes them as successful or failed, and tracks the operations associated with each transaction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example illustrates how to run and connect with a Stellar network watcher node, referred to as 'captive core' using the `ledgerbackend.CaptiveStellarCore`. It then requests a historical bounded range of ledgers to be replayed. The captive core instance will emit a stream of `LedgerCloseMeta` which contains the transactions per each ledger in the range. It reads each ledger's transactions using the `ingest.LedgerTransactionReader`, categorizes them as successful or failed, and tracks the operations associated with each transaction.
```

Reviewer 3: Suggestion^2 on top of @sreuland's:

```diff
- The captive core instance will emit a stream of `LedgerCloseMeta`
+ The Captive Core instance will emit a stream of ledger metadata.
```

Author: incorporated both the recommendations

<CodeExample>

```go
// Filename: transaction_statistics.go

package main

import (
	"context"
	"fmt"
	"github.com/stellar/go/network"
	"io"

	"github.com/sirupsen/logrus"
	"github.com/stellar/go/ingest"
	"github.com/stellar/go/ingest/ledgerbackend"
	"github.com/stellar/go/support/log"
)

var (
	config = captiveCoreConfig()
)

func captiveCoreConfig() ledgerbackend.CaptiveCoreConfig {

> 	archiveURLs := network.TestNetworkhistoryArchiveURLs

Reviewer 2: Similar to [prior question](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-docs/pull/1349/files#r1984131836), can this use pubnet? The requested ledger range is very old and catch up time by the core instance should be minimal.

Author: I have no opinions one way or another on this.
i am simply inclined to accept your suggestions and make changes.
incoming in a bit

	networkPassphrase := network.TestNetworkPassphrase
	captiveCoreToml, err := ledgerbackend.NewCaptiveCoreToml(ledgerbackend.CaptiveCoreTomlParams{
		NetworkPassphrase:  networkPassphrase,
		HistoryArchiveURLs: archiveURLs,
	})
	panicIf(err)

	return ledgerbackend.CaptiveCoreConfig{
		// Change these based on your environment:

> 		BinaryPath:         "/usr/local/bin/stellar-core", // Location of stellar-core binary compiled for your platform

Reviewer 3: You can use the same [`$PATH` method](https://stackoverflow.com/a/46236792) we use in the code here so it's not hardcoded for Linux

Author: I hear you, but I'd much rather not get clever here.
IMO, there is merit in making sure that the person using this code is cognizant of the place where their stellar-core binary is and change it accordingly.
tl;dr - I am not in favor of using the `exec.LookPath` to find out where "stellar-core" binary might actually live

		fmt.Printf("Processed ledger %d...\r", seq)

		var txReader *ingest.LedgerTransactionReader
		var err error
		txReader, err = ingest.NewLedgerTransactionReader(
			ctx, backend, config.NetworkPassphrase, seq,
		)
		panicIf(err)
		defer txReader.Close()

		// Read each transaction within the ledger, extract its operations, and
		// accumulate the statistics we're interested in.
		for {
			var tx ingest.LedgerTransaction
			tx, err = txReader.Read()
			if err == io.EOF {
				break
			}
			panicIf(err)

			envelope := tx.Envelope
			operationCount := len(envelope.Operations())
			if tx.Result.Successful() {
				successfulTransactions++
				operationsInSuccessful += operationCount
			} else {
				failedTransactions++
				operationsInFailed += operationCount
			}
		}
	}

	fmt.Println("\nDone. Results:")
	fmt.Printf("  - total transactions: %d\n", successfulTransactions+failedTransactions)
	fmt.Printf("  - succeeded / failed: %d / %d\n", successfulTransactions, failedTransactions)
	fmt.Printf("  - total operations:   %d\n", operationsInSuccessful+operationsInFailed)
	fmt.Printf("  - succeeded / failed: %d / %d\n", operationsInSuccessful, operationsInFailed)
}

func main() {

> 	statistics()

Reviewer: I think it's better to inline `statistics()` into the main function. It seems odd to have a main function consist of a single line which calls another function

Author: done
